4.3. Project Support Functions

Content:

This project requires various minor functions in order to operate certain sections and guarantee quality. 

A. Software Quality Assurance:
	The quality of the final product will be maintained via three primary methods:
		1. Mutual Oversight: As both the Project and Design Leads will be working on the code, they must both communicate to each other while they collaborate on the project, explaining how their contributions help progress to the final goal.

		2. Software Documentation: All programmers (Project Lead and Design Lead) must document their code; this not only allows others to understand the product's internals better, but also allows everyone participating, themselves included, to catch the code's errors.
		
		3. Testing: The product will be tested with various methods, both Black and White Box tests, and will be tested with both old data (data that has been provided by the client and used in tailoring the program) and new data (data that has been provided by the client, but not used in tailoring the program), creating both straightforward and blind tests that will test the robustness of the product.

B. Configuration Management:
	Configuration of the systems, both while creating the product and in setting up the product's environment, is vital to the project; thus, there will be ample documentation on how to prepare the desired target environment for usage of the tools used and created by this project.
	
	1. Initial IDE Configuration: Initial configuration of the development environment will be managed by a file that will explain how to properly prepare the environment. (Specifically, the "README.md" file that is present in the start of the GitHub page for the project contains details on how to set up the Eclipse IDE for proper usage.) 

	2. Final Product Configuration: Configuration details of the final product's environment will be detailed in the supplementary User Manual (Work Package B2) that will be provided with the product.