Project Overview
==========
Description
---------------
> This subsection of the SPMP shall provide a concise summary of the project objectives, the product to be delivered, major work activities, major work products, major milestones, required resources, and master schedule and budget. The project overview shall also describe the relationship of this project to other projects, as appropriate. This overview shall not be construed as an official statement of product requirements. Reference to the official statement of product requirements shall be provided in this subsection of the SPMP.

Content
-----------

This document will cover the plan regarding the execution of the "PlasmaGraph" tool for the Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico's Plasma Laboratory. Said product, "PlasmaGraph" is an intermediary tool, serving as a channel to funnel data provided by the Plasma Laboratory's main machine to a work or personal computer in the form of any kind of graph the user(s) wish to create. Said graphs will be able to be saved to the computer as well as displayed directly via the computer screen. The final objective is a tool that can provide graphs based on arbitrarily-large CSV (Comma-separated value) files that may have some errors. 

As the project is rather small, its incremental goals are also relatively small. PlasmaGraph requires a backbone composed of a storage mechanism and a parsing mechanism to place the CSV data into said storage before being able to graph the data. Upon completion of this system, work on the error-correction system, graphing system, and GUI (Graphical User Interface) can begin in earnest, though not necessarily in that exact order. Said milestones will be tested via PUPR Plasma Laboratory data and dummy data designed to simulate certain errors that the client has explained.

Two current Computer Science students studying in the Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico will work to complete this project, alongside a university-provided mentor. They will use both their own computing resources and those of the university (to test the product's speed and reliability in various states of completion), as well as actual laboratory data in order to complete this project. The cost of completing this project, as explained later in this document, will be primarily from the labor of the students and the mentor. Completion of this project will take approximately 3 months; the exact composition of this schedule will be explained later in this document, as will the budgetary and resource requirements.

As an aside, this project does not connect to any currently-active project, though it does connect to a physical system currently in use; the PUPR Plasma Laboratory is active as of the time of this project and documentation.